What's Di's worst habit? She'll tell us what she thinks she'll say in a minute.
And mine is tidiness. It's how he and...
They're very tidy.
They're not tidy, I think I've poured them down.
And also, I've got this thingy, I'm having to check the taps and everything.
So is that a habit that Chris finds annoying about you?
Yeah. Chaps.
Yeah, checking the taps.
Yeah, yeah.
What does Chris do that annoys you, Di?
One of the things is leaving shoes about, I'm having to pour them to the side.
Leaving tapes about.
Yeah, it's the first one.
It's the ninth of September.
Was Di the first lady that you've ever kissed, Chris?
Or had you kissed...
Yeah.
Yeah?
I've never kissed a girl before.
Okay, man.